Updated docs for iOS sample and added AppClips guide (#34)
anon-dot-com/examples: connect-ios-swiftui/APPCLIPS.md

Most of the work involved in shipping an App Clip is not writing code at all, but rather creating and setting entitlements, and creating an AASA file to prove to Apple that you own a domain you wish to use with App Clips.

The following steps can be accomplished in less than two hours, but you'll need to wait for Apple to crawl the file that you created. This seems to happen once per week so you want to put this file in place as soon as possible to prevent a multiple week delay.

## A note about the requirements

The actual configuration of your App Clip experiences typically happens when you upload the first build that contains an App Clip to App Store Connect. However, it’s important you understand how App Clip experiences work before you start developing your App Clip. You need to identify invocations, invocation URLs, and plan changes to your code before or in parallel to implementing functionality provided by your App Clip. 

Additionally, to support advanced App Clip experiences or iOS versions older than iOS 16.4, you need to make changes to your server to associate your App Clip with your website.

# Need immediate results?

> If this all sounds like too much work, or you just want to get a feel for App Clips with Anon, please make use of our publicly deployed App Clip instead! 

Reviewer: I think we can frame this in a much more positive light!

How does it sound to split this README into two top headers, wherein the first is something like `Instantly Add Anon's App Clip to Your iOS Application` and the second is `Creating Your Own App Clip`.

That way we can present the quick and simple way as the happy path without beginning the document talking about caveats that they won't need to experience if they go with the first option.

More easily done, reorganize the sections to

```markdown
# Need immediate results (-> change to `Instantly Add Anon's App Clip to Your iOS Application`)

## Preview the Anon App Clip from Within Your App

# Creating Your Own App Clip

## Requirements

.. rest of headers
```

I'm a little hesitant about maintaining a document on how to write your own App Clip since it's an (obviously) complicated process that has more to do with Apple than us, but this is definitely helpful for our customers and this is very meticulous 👏

The big thing I'm still missing is just some instructions on where to paste the tokens from the console and run the example 😭 I know it's simple but it's necessary...So really I'd like to see:

```markdown
# Running the Example App Clip

Run the Anon App Clip directly in your local Xcode. You'll see how you can present integrations to your users and link their sessions to your organization.

## Setup

1. Paste your `ANON_SDKCLIENT_ID` and `ANON_APP_USER_ID_TOKEN` environment variables from https://console.anon.com into `Tokens.xcconfig`.

2. Open Xcode and select either `LinkApp` or `LinkClip` as the build target

3. Click run to see the App Clip in your iOS simulator

# Need immediate results (-> change to `Instantly Add Anon's App Clip to Your iOS Application`)

## Preview the Anon App Clip from Within Your App

# Creating Your Own App Clip

## Requirements

.. rest of headers
```

> You can even [launch our App Clip from within your iOS Application](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appclip/launching-another-app-s-app-clip-from-your-app) this integration is quick and painless, and arguably one of the easiest integrations of any SDK these days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [launch our App Clip from within your iOS Application](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appclip/launching-another-app-s-app-clip-from-your-app).
This integration is quick and painless, and arguably one of the easiest integrations of any SDK.
```
Typo starting new sentence.

I try to keep opinions on "this framework is easier than that" out of public docs - otherwise I'd just tell everyone to write their webapp in rust hahaha but I leave it up to you because it really is easy!

If you'd like to link to the Anon App Clip simply make a link of the form https://clip.anon.com?id=#{integration} where #{integration} is one of our supported integrations in all lower case (e.g.):

- https://clip.anon.com?id=paypal
- https://clip.anon.com?id=resy
- https://clip.anon.com?id=google

> **Note**
>
> The lack of a trailing backslash at the end of the link is intentional. Including a backslash before the `?id` is a mistake and will cause the QR code to not be recognized.

## Preview the Anon App Clip from within your App

Use the [Link Presentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/LinkPresentation) framework to include a rich preview of the App Clip in your app that people tap to launch the App Clip directly:

> 1. To fetch metadata using the invocation URL of the App Clip, use [`LPMetadataProvider`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/LinkPresentation/LPMetadataProvider).
> 2. To display the App Clip preview, use the metadata you receive in an [`LPLinkView`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/LinkPresentation/LPLinkView).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fetch metadata using the invocation URL of the App Clip with [`LPMetadataProvider`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/LinkPresentation/LPMetadataProvider).
2. Display the App Clip preview with the metadata you receive in an [`LPLinkView`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/LinkPresentation/LPLinkView).
```

The use of `To` makes it sound optional

var linkView = ... // A reference to the link view. This could 
// also be a custom view that contains the LPLinkView.

provider.startFetchingMetadata(for: url) { (metadata, error) in
    guard let metadata = metadata else {
        // The fetch failed; handle the error.
        return
    }

    DispatchQueue.main.async {
        // Create the LPLinkView using the metadata. 
        // If you use a custom view, you could pass the 
        // metadata to the custom view and let it handle 
        // the creation or formatting of the LPLinkView.
        linkView = LPLinkView(metadata: metadata)
    }
}
```

# Requirements

You must first create a new [App Clip Target](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appclip/creating-an-app-clip-with-xcode) for your existing code and assets.

To associate your app and App Clip with your website:

* Specify your invocation URL’s domain within an [`Associated Domains Entitlement`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/entitlements/com_apple_developer_associated-domains) on both your app and App Clip targets in Xcode.
* Add or modify an AASA file on the domain’s server.

> The system verifies that both the entitlement and the configuration in the AASA file match before it permits the invocation of the App Clip. App Store Connect also verifies the match when you create an App Clip experience; for more information, see [Set up an App Clip experience](https://help.apple.com/app-store-connect/#/dev43c15c696).

Reviewer: Total Nit:
```suggestion
iOS verifies that both the entitlement and the configuration in the AASA file match before it permits the invocation of the App Clip. App Store Connect also verifies the match when you create an App Clip experience; for more information, see [Set up an App Clip experience](https://help.apple.com/app-store-connect/#/dev43c15c696).
```
or 
```suggestion
Apple verifies that both the entitlement and the configuration in the AASA file match before it permits the invocation of the App Clip. App Store Connect also verifies the match when you create an App Clip experience; for more information, see [Set up an App Clip experience](https://help.apple.com/app-store-connect/#/dev43c15c696).
```
not sure which one is correct myself!

> 
>- https://clip.anon.com?id=paypal
>- https://clip.anon.com?id=resy
>- https://clip.anon.com?id=google

> ### Note
> The lack of a trailing backslash at the end of the link is intentional. Including a backslash before the `?id` is a mistake and will cause the QR code to not be recognized.

# Running the Example App Clip

Run the Anon App Clip directly in your local Xcode. You'll see how you can present integrations to your users and link their sessions to your organization.

## Setup

1. Paste your (SDK Client ID) `ANON_CLIENT_ID` and (User Token) `ANON_USER_ID_TOKEN` environment variables from https://console.anon.com into `Tokens.xcconfig`.
1. Open Xcode and select either `LinkApp` or `LinkClip` as the build target. `LinkClip` is the **App Clip** experience and `LinkApp` is the complete installed application. Please be aware that the two are mutually exclusive. You can't have an app and it's child **App Clip** installed concurrently. This is due to a limitation in how App Clips are packaged within the App itself.

> 1. Click run to see the **App Clip** in your iOS simulator, or adjust the **Bundle ID** to one that your organization controls and test locally on your device. Please note that you can adjust the tested **App Clip** URL in the **Xcode Scheme Settings** to speed up your testing.

Reviewer: Nit: list number 2 and 3
